*20100501 00:28, December 18, 2010 (UTC)*

Seven tokes. Signing in, my every letter was known, and I still am kind of off by a character. That period took a couple comma periods and the comma prior was an m at first. My mother brought vex for us and took the rather bad wine tasting apple cider. My father recalled early wine tasting such. These letters are all pressing so softly. My father's netbook's keyboard is a bit scaled, hard enough even while sober. First drank while my sister drank. We had wi in aztek, can't recall full spell. Mother and I shared over banana bread which she didn't like. Drank bottle, started own. My sister wanted to take a shower so I had to get out of the bath dry because I decided I didn't want to see or hear so much the television. Then we went out to get stuff. My mother just wanted to get high. She's begun getting high every day. Earlier my father and my sister went out to get board games that weren't there. It was dark. We were in a car. My sister was talking about how we could get high in Oakville instead. My mother asked if I wanted to try, in passing. I had to light. My sister mentioned my not even having tried cigarettes. Lit a tad, didn't inhale anything. Put it close, had it lit quite, inhaled quite. Inhaled with cough. Held to perhaps inhale again. Mother took from. Before, on the bed, we came back to report. I was talking of fast talk. That they understood what I was saying. My sister said that I wasn't mumbling. That I wasn't going on about tech. I wanted a watch to verify if I was talking faster clearer. I found metal in falling to the ground while measuring my sister's distances to verify seven feet leaps. After choking on the first while my sister and mother took another couple tokes, I took another quick. Sister left. I didn't cough on inhale, so lit again. Inhaled thrice. Inhaled again after. Proven false the not getting high first time. I started jumping, against the calm of drunk. I was squeeling wees. Mention was of blood donation nullifying erections for a few hours though completion was had evening though mention wasn't of libido being for once every rather than third. On the road, my father bought spicy. Except it was my mother who bought the spicy requested chips of my father with an ice cream sandwich which you despise. Despise, libido. Things I can't spell like this. My sister met friends at the door, whom I decided to have tired eyes and talked of while we climbed except that I hid under stairs. Her parents were there. We were going for a walk along a road that reminded me of the winter we had a year ago, to which I wrote some time ago, though furthering along showed total darkness to which my sister denied. My father asked what I was writing in, I explained firefox hotmail. He asked to be a recipient, I explained that there was issue in that the You in the email might not be You. He was a tad confused, from his flask which we had had earlier, but my mother laughed. The last time she laughed so was after getting high at the docks and laughing when I stated that we should check out before checking out with respect to checking out jobs to be done before checking out of the place to home. There were no jobs. It was noted that I resembled my grandmother in inhale. The metal piece is two pieces. I was looking at the wall patterns. The mirror in this hotel is similar in lack of respects to yours. Amber was quite jumping in hearing of my plans. She heard previous, but unconfirmed from me. That was a nice day. I noted my mother's incapability to ambiguity with some form or other, was when I realized I could talk more than nothing faster than I usually talk that something of nothingness to which you probably consider me an ass of, though this is all less aligned with stating that I'm revolted by your preferences without knowing your preference. Taste didn't suit smell; tasted like wood. I was considering being bitter for my father's declaring me a moron for shutting of the recording television by not joining, no longer regret. I downloaded the show he was to miss to show him why I don't plan to buy a television. I realized how overly paid things are to be, quite nice. I need only never progress in that shifting form I've been set to. It had to do with return. My hands were all warm. Vision went blurring in run. I saw layers of flat dimensions. I hymed other onomatopoeia. I'm lucky my father hasn't disabled spell check like myself for these few. My head itched so I scratched quite. The cot didn't fit between bed and wall, thus it fits in hall. I ran up hill thinking of note of how deers can run but humans can't and my thinking humans are too self conscious. This ends up. Three word story by some Druc beginning last name in his piece Sign of the End of the Universe to which the three words are written upside down. My father thought I should eat. There was a funny line in the thermostat warranty: DO NOT put in microwave oven, or any other kind of oven. They didn't have a comma before their or, I prefer it so. I didn't take the apple cider orange mix, condemned unsafe. I worried they ployed water watering. Chess board wasn't brought was wished better not. Such is not case of us. Moping in a hotel tub. Not here. She spoke of wild animals, and family righteousness. Window wasn't dark was dark. Birch looked like sky in front of norm in reflection of painting's glass cover. Fell to ground. I began rolling, couldn't stop. Tree stopped. Mother stated downer in asking how drunk. Mother stated difference in desires for sex. Mother stated fun in a game most boring of lines which I explained though in misestimate of her strategy caused win to be of my sister and second to be for myself in having her take last. Still third. Bronze. French work will not be done, nor that of Physics. CDs of the Disparities were received, mother chose two piece single when CDs offered to cover music for the drive. She thought Impossible Times suited my sister's way. My father and I were laughing of how things work right for her regardless. Of my mother's not forcing to go to Scotia bank down the street and down  another, instead causing mall trip in North Bay. At the gates is where we began the whiskey. Rolled around, caused saliva to roll into a cough. Wasn't as planned, but did as planned. This with respect to my sister, rather than you. Listened to some music, should allow judgment to reevaluate changes. Size raised to five gigabytes, reencoding to VBR with lame reduced by half a gigabyte. Mother exclaimed joy of open window, understanding needs of smokers. This is a no smoke room. Seventy five dollar charge for smoking here. Two ninety nine charged if you unseal the water. Memories. Vanishing. I'll recall things unsaid once sent. I didn't recall in last recall the stick in mouth, the questioning of dealings with monkeys since the seventies, the watching blood in tube. Had to correct that in joyous morning eclipse. There is more for that, isn't there? She stated five months suited a length needing like yours. Figured two years might suit myself, asking further to correct. I gave no information. Plans are to be unknown until made known. I've want to ask opinion of aesthetics of recent upgrade for Ubuntu, but that isn't of your interest. There was question of how I opined Fountainhead. Wait, you'll have. Wrestled her in the aztek, crushed against. Neck weakness was exploited against myself. Asked if of was when such was. Stated of the only time I ever explicitly referred to myself as your boyfriend, in jest. Corrected the statement that parents should lie to their children throughout life to statement that parents should jest with their children throughout life. Explained ideas of how parents should fib to their children to encourage critical thinking against authority supported information. Woke up quite fast after smoke after drink. Invalid excuses give wrongful warning. Wondered what I offered which Nate didn't. It's odd finding another so similar to one's self. He's more hypocritical. Asked of me what you never answered. I've gotten off topic, to the topic of things which must be accepted to never be answered. Don't dispose of the sonnet, one day I'll enjoy it when you decide I'll enjoy it. I poked them with the measuring tape. I ate a lot of chocolate. I held bias towards the sugar cream cores. I wanted to walk down the long hall, ended up returning along. Earlier, I could hear other people talking behind their noisy doors. Didn't listen. They listened to my stating pause in thought. Concluded some enjoy too much to return to thought. That was what was lacking ambiguity with my mother. She stated she's considered quitting at times, but felt no reason. I explained that she's incapable of leaving her next time ambiguous, so she states it to be never rather than some specific date. This allows it to be broken when she decides so. Laughed hysterically in return. I knew my sister would crash shortly after return, though returned out shortly for short. Tried coat still hanging. Talked French some in mocking being fifty kilometers from the Quebec border. Je veux etre ivre, donne moi quel que chose a boire. Excuse the lack of accents, similar to when you excused so. In this case, it isn't my permanent computer hereafter. Faites bien, ma petite amie

